Case: "Edward Snowden's release of Top Secret information about National Security Administration security and surveillance practices."

	My grid follows the basics of the second case. While considering many different ethical issues, my grid considers four different systems: the National Security Agency (NSA), Edward Snowden and his use of the NSA's data, the socio-technical system of the public, and lastly the government spyware. 
	Basically, what my grid shows is that everyone has acted within their best interest. The government broke major privacy ethics of the U.S. people in order to serve their own interests. It violated the expectation of transparency that the government would not spy on it's own people, and the government has continued to deny the leaks by Edward Snowden. Edward Snowden broke the ethics of confidentiality with his employer, the government, in order to whistleblow on what was happening in the NSA. However, leaking the amount of knowledge to the general public that he did, while morally questionable, is still a misuse of big data. That data can now be in the hands of foreign powers that could use it against his former employer, the NSA. The public has not broken many ethical values when it comes to reacting to the news, yet it is a constant that the public will continue to serve their own best interest. The government spyware has committed privacy violations, but has been transparent in its use, mainly because the "users," or the general public in this case, didn't know it existed. The data it collected could be used for many different purposes, such as aggregating data on the population, as well as developing personalized profile cases for a large majority of Americans.
	
	If this was not enough to earn full credit, then I would really like to have better definitions of the following:
		-What is a system? What is a technical system? What is a socio-technical system? I feel like these could have been better defined in class.
		-What are some other ethical quandries that could impact multiple parties and systems?
	Examples of both of the above would help tremendously. Yes, I am aware you gave some for ethical quandries already.
	
	I want to leave one final note. Everyone I have talked to in this class says they have been extremely confused about how to do the exercises of the last three modules. For many, this is their first time using GitHub and have never so much as cloned a repo, including myself. A more detailed set of instructions would be nice in order to understand the assignments better. Also, help with the reading would also be nice. As easy as it is to just hand us 30 page reports from the late 1900s is, we would like some help in better understanding the readings. We are paying a premium for this class through Mizzou after all. Thank you.